Okay,
guys,
the next thing we want to do is add a Siris of drop down boxes in these five cells here
that we can use the select our ingredients from the cupboard.
Eso weaken them,
work out if we have those items present in our recipes.
So what we need to do is have a list that we can drop down from.
So here I've just copied the ingredient saves of BLT on I've pasted them in here on.
What we're gonna do now is just add a dynamic named range because this is going to expand
as we add recipes.
So I'm just gonna call this my list on his enter that I'm gonna come to Formulas name
Manager.
I have my list selected.
I was just going to come to the front just like we have before it offset open brackets.
This is where we want tell list to start in Absolute.
A one common zero comma zero.
We don't want to move away from it.
Coming cams a open rackets.
We want to look at all of the data in column.
A closed brackets family only want to look at one column on clothes and enter So now when
we click on here,
we can see that this is our named range.
Okay,
So in the next lesson,
what we're gonna do is a conditional formatting to the rest of these areas of ingredients
because we want to ensure that absolutely every ingredient we have appears in our dynamic
named range.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.